I fell asleep
in front of the TV while I was waiting for you.
Are you coming home tonight?
Or should I go to bed by myself?
Do you remember the noodle shop
in town?
Do you remember those noodles?
That kid who saw us arguing...
You say. "It's nothing."
and you wanted to buy me flowers?
You're the only one yelling.
There's no answer.
and you wanted to buy me flowers?
He disappeared.
I parked the van next to him.
Why?
Audience.
I love you. Navin. but I have to go.
I don't see you anymore. Matia.
Go home.
FAM LIVE NEWS.
Intruder!
She's here!
Run!
Not much!
Let's go!
What a mess.
That child died because of you.
It doesn't matter.
I'll find someone else.
Damn it. I'm running late.
My wife is waiting for me.
Take her downstairs.
I want to know what she's doing here.
Where are you going?
I'm going to work.
You can get some sleep.
Can I come with you?
Good afternoon. everyone.
END 08 The end of the vacation.
The vacation is over.
My father works nonstop.
He can't always be with me.
But now that I'm grown up.
it doesn't bother me anymore.
ACAGO 3 BL
This is what a day
in the life of a "jack-of-all-trades" looks like.
Don't wear your lace-up shoes.
You never listen to me!
Here is his toolbox.
He is talented and handsome.
A heart with fingers!
CRAGO
CAGO B
CRAGO I'm returning to China
in two days.
After that. you won't be able to do that to me anymore.
Let's go!
Dad!
AGO
Take care of your wound.
HYAH You're really clumsy.
2 Thank you.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
How's business going?
Let's see.
It looks like it's working.
HIKA Stop counting and just give me everything.
Hurry up!
It's shameful to attack an old woman.
That's not our job.
How can you live
if you're afraid of everything?
Dad!
Maybe I shouldn't go.
I want to stay and help you.
198 We can stay here with Grandma.
CHICAGO 8
I have some good news.
I found a buyer for the port.
Rich.
How much?
Three. it's easy.
Thirty.
Do me a favor.
I want to see your boss.
Will you take care of that for me?
See you soon.
See you later.
Matia Fam mentioned a connection
between several kidnappings
live in front of his followers
shortly before it disappeared
earlier this year.
The police are handling these cases
as separate incidents.
but if we look
the socioeconomic situation
of families
and the neighborhood
where these children disappeared.
and the fact that Matia Fam has been reported
as missing is clearly linked.
I'm speaking
for a coordinated action
aimed at children
from the most vulnerable communities.
You need to keep training.
It's for your own good.
I have some good news.
I found a buyer.
Rich.
Sad to the core.
Cut them short; you'll feel cooler.
No. I'll look terrible.
Honey.
You'll look prettier with short hair.
Remember.
Mabel gave you a short haircut.
It will look great on you.
You liked them short
when you were little.
It'll be easier for kung fu.
I'm stopping.
I look like a man.
It’s better to know how to defend yourself
than to be beautiful.
I won't always be here
to protect you.
That's exactly why!
Why can't I stay with you?
I only work out
because we do it together.
I don't like it.
I'm only doing it so I can be with you.
Can't you come back to China
with me?
Mom is dead. and you're abandoning me.
You never loved me!
Take it easy.
She isn't in a position to listen to you.
Relax.
I know; I have three daughters.
He's way too annoying.
Way too annoying!
Do you speak Chinese?
My sister was hit by a car.
Her parents aren't here.
Can you help me?
Where?
That way.
Follow me.
My older daughter is
always swamped with work.
He doesn't even have a girlfriend.
My second...
I don't know where it is!
- That way?
- Yes.
Straight ahead.
Slower.
Is your leg okay?
Yes. It's here.
Homepage - cinemacity. Rip
Contact - rgbteam@proton.me.
Just one? You're a total failure!
Put it in the header.
Put it inside the building!
SWO PIZZAS
Dad!
Catch her!
Hurry up!
Are you crazy?
Sir. you're bleeding on my counter.
If you have been in an accident.
go to the hospital.
My daughter has been kidnapped.
A large bald eagle.
A big bald guy?
A man with an Afro.
Blue truck - 747533.
To report a crime.
Wait there.
Surveillance cameras There's no time.
There's always time. Calm down...
Don't do that again.
What's going on?
A kidnapping story.
I told him to wait.
Come with me.
What's going on here?
Captain. his daughter has been kidnapped.
He has the badge
and the description of the suspects.
This is not a report.
Listen.
We have procedures here.
1 I'll keep this.
If we have any updates.
we'll get in touch with you.
MISSING PERSONS
POLICE DEPARTMENT
SERVING AND PROTECTING
No driver's license.
no professional experience.
has no criminal record.
It was as if he had appeared out of nowhere.
He must be a fugitive.
Who are you?
Aug. 26. 2013 RECEIPT
26 Served: Wang - Aug.
Go ahead and fight!
Don't talk back to your boss.
He'll agree to anything.
Take it easy. have a drink.
and enjoy the girls.
The crowd is going wild!
Get up. big guy!
I have a guest.
Wait a minute.
You're staying.
It's going to burst like a balloon!
He scored with two shots!
He pinned him against the wall.
Mr. Song!
- The man who will satisfy me.
- Sit down.
So.
you want
Thirty for the weekend?
Longer.
Is it a big party?
No. Boaters.
My partner has a business at the port.
Thirty children are...
That's just
school bus!
We understand.
That's why we're making you a great offer.
Three times the market price.
In cash and in dollars.
In cash
and in dollars.
I have just one small request.
I have to choose them myself.
That's not going to happen.
You know.
Commercial fishing
is very competitive.
I want the best
and I need to make sure.
If I understand correctly.
you want to come
at my place.
to go shopping
like a fruit stand
and pay me later?
Who the hell are you?
What do you want?
If you're a cop. you're new
or just too dumb to work for me.
Song.
I'll be very clear.
I'm just the messenger.
My partner is waiting for me
and you're wasting my time.
boss.
His time?
Your time.
It's your time!
I like you.
If you want to pick them. cowboy.
I'll take you there.
It works!
Let's sit down again.
Not so fast!
This is a private party.
Listen. man. It's invitation-only.
Back.
Get lost!
Okay.
Help! Catch him!
He has a gun!
Let's go!
Want money? Kill him!
Kill that bastard!
Boss!
There's a man with a gun!
It's not my fault!
Kill that idiot!
Mr. Song!
Damn you!
Have a nice evening. buddy.
You. damn it!
Who are you?
Very good.
Wait!
I'm not with them.
You're looking for someone.
Me too.
Let's get out of here.
I can't give it to you.
But we can take a look.
Okay?
You stood as a guarantor for a traitor.
Please. boss.
Come on. kid.
Watch your father die.
You know the procedure. Kill him.
Sorry!
Boss!
Don't kill me!
I didn't know who he was.
I don't want to die.
Stay right there!
I wanted to help you.
Why did you trick me?
BE WITH YOUR FRIENDS Reply.
BE WITH YOUR FRIENDS Why?
For chocolate?
All this just for chocolate?
They won't let you in!
You thought you were going home?
You idiot!
You're the idiot.
You played the good guy. and now you're in deep trouble.
It's not my fault!
Less noise!
Stop fighting!
Stop!
Stay here!
My father said we should punish the rebels.
That's enough—you're a big boy.
Your father wants to be able to move them
alive.
It ruined two months of work.
You could have said something.
Stop pulling your stunts.
What are you?
Is he silent?
Do you know him?
Song was caught when he was a child
and put him in the ring
for fun.
Mr. Song
Do you know him too?
Come with me.
Watch out for the mess.
It's almost like a second home to me.
Mr. Song is a human trafficker.
My wife is a journalist.
Here is what she has gathered about this traffic.
She disappeared during the investigation.
His name is Matia.
May I?
“Rainy.”
“Happy birthday. Dad.”
A journalist goes missing after an interview.
I haven't managed to go through
everything she left behind yet.
She knew that Song
was coordinating the kidnappings.
He looks after the children
while he evaluates the buyers.
What?
What's up?
The same truck.
Delivers everywhere.
Thanks to the insulation. it is soundproof.
The factory is an hour away. Let's go.
Two bags of ice.
All of this out in the open...
What are you doing?
If there are going to be 100.
If you want to see your daughter
again. don't rush into things.
We're waiting.
There's no time.
What do you suggest?
"A lie from the East. an attack from the West."
AB-222
Get lost!
The sign says "No entry."
Freak.
Die.
You're at my place.
Damn it.
Eat this and die.
It was my day off.
It's you again.
A curse.
Did you find them?
Feint to the East. attack the West
Stop.
Enough!
Are you crazy?
This is our only clue.
Killing him won't
bring you any closer to your daughter.
She might still be alive.
We're on the right track.
Listen. listen to your daughter's heartbeat.
Have you chosen a name?
Mirai.
It means "future."
Baby Mirai.
I'm sorry.
What?
A fight broke out at your brother-in-law's factory.
Song isn't answering the phone.
A German man of Chinese descent who is looking for his daughter.
I haven't identified the other one yet.
The old man wants to know where things went wrong.
You'll explain it to him in person.
Trust me.
I take this responsibility seriously.
The factory was empty.
I moved the cargo
after breaking into the club.
People have died.
But we didn't lose anything of value.
Your investment is in safety.
I will deduct the additional expenses
from my profits.
I was thinking only of the family's best interests.
That idiot
He is reckless.
Something like that...
It must remain in our consciousness.
I'll take care of it.
Song...
I've been investigating you for months.
I know everything about you.
Listen.
Listen
My friend wants his daughter back.
If you don't speak up
Everyone will find out who you are
and where your money comes from.
Even if I save your life.
You won't live long.
What are you? A journalist?
Do you know
What happened to that last slut.
who claimed to be a journalist?
You're getting stuck
into a real mess.
What did he say?
Is that her?
Tell me what you know.
I don't know anything.
Tell me what you know about her.
Absolutely nothing.
I don't know a thing!
I've heard of her
of the species found in Snake Pit.
Real killers. Where is this?
WITH A FRIEND
There's no way we can get out of here.
I'll give it a try anyway.
Don't drag me into this.
If they see us doing it.
We will be tortured to death.
I'll take the risk.
Do you think I haven't tried?
Look at my feet.
Don't you want to go out?
Where are we going? I don't have a home.
I saw them kill my entire family.
THE END If ever...
FROM THE BEGINNING If ever
I'll find a way out.
You can come over to our place.
CRAZY You're crazy.
Get the boat ready.
I'll be there in half an hour.
Where are you going. Mr. Song?
You mentioned a boat.
Which pier are you heading to?
What did you say to the mute man?
The refrigerated truck is there.
Let's find another entrance.
Stop!
Are you picking up the kids now?
They're asking you. Honey.
Get off there.
Come on over!
Let's go!
It's really big here.
We can't escape.
You idiot!
Come on over!
Hello. everyone.
OUR FRIENDS My name is Navin.
My name is Navin.
Lately. I've been posting
on Matia's profile.
I'm live from a place
called Snake Pit.
Matia discovered that
children were being held there.
I think she does too.
If you're watching this live stream.
Please share this.
We need people
to help bring this to light
the person behind it.
Sergeant!
Sergeant. look at this!
That's impossible!
Dad!
I'm sorry.
We have to go.
They're coming.
Come on over.
I'll bring the others.
There are so many
blocked here.
They're going to kill them
It's my fault.
Rainy.
You did well.
FRIENDS. YOU DID A GOOD JOB.
Where are they?
In a room upstairs.
I'm taking over now.
Go home. Okay?
I'm staying.
Your mission is complete.
Run for your lives.
Get lost!
There are intruders in the Snake Pit.
Come quickly!
Where are they?
There.
Follow me.
POLICE This way.
This way.
Yadong!
What are you doing?
Step back.
The video shows that children are being held here.
I saw him.
Damn it!
POLICE
Stop this and clear the street.
ROCK 'N' ROLL
Stop!
POLICE POLICE
POLICE Get lost.
Get lost.
Captain.
Are you kidding me?
AND ROCK 'N' ROLL
ROCK 'N' ROLL They're Up There I.
GL
Get ready. we're leaving.
This way! On the road I.
Sir. we're back!
There's more upstairs. Follow me.
Reyni. Wait.
Come on! Hurry up!
Run!
Let's go!
Please be careful.
Stay together.
You had run away.
Why did he come back?
I don't abandon my friends.
You don't have a family.
But we can be friends.
Let's go.
You're so stupid!
You're all way too stupid!
GENDER
What do we do?
How are we going to get down?
It's really high.
Let's go!
We'll use this.
Tie it tightly.
Tie it tight!
Great!
Be careful.
We can help them.
Save the children!
Take care of the children first!
It's your turn.
Hurry!
Aren't you doing anything?
You're no help at all!
POLICE
You cowards. go save them!
Those poor children
.
POLICE
Teams 1 and 2. follow me.
I've already told you not to do that.
Don't close your eyes!
Take her away.
POLICE
Sasha. that's an order!
I heard!
POLICE
Sergeant. POLICE.
Yadong. me.
Yadong!
Take care of the exit.
Follow me. This way. come on!
Come on. it's your turn.
Go on.
You helped me.
I owe you this.
See you outside.
Go on!
Rain. how are you?
Attention!
Don't move!
Drop your weapons. now!
You really screwed him over. you bastard!
Get him off our streets!
Get rid of it!
Sergeant.
Did you find that woman inside?
She is the journalist who
led the investigation.
TODAY'S BREAKING NEWS REVEALS
RIOTS BROKE OUT EARLIER IN
apartment building in the western neighborhood
owned by the tycoon Kun Tai Luo.
BREAKING NEWS
The company has issued a statement.
promising a thorough investigation
of the causes...
Who?
I'm coming.
Dad's looking for you.
All of his partners are here.
What's going on?
Everything is fine.
I'll come see you.
Did you want to see me?
The captain is coming to arrest you.
We must maintain our dignity.
I'm telling you. as one father to another:
You disgust me.
Weapons or drugs.
I would understand.
But what about the kids?
When there's money. I'm part of the family.
but the moment trouble strikes.
Do I disgust you?
Boss. I told you so
that this is a rotten board!
And now.
We have to clean up your mess!
You're crazy!
Leave me alone. I'm a cop!
I accepted you.
I gave you my daughter.
Why?
Homepage - cinemacity. Rip
Contact - rgbteam@proton.me.
Sergeant. a cup of coffee.
Thank you.
Mr. Wang. here is your statement.
If you think it's fair.
Please sign below.
I can confirm
that you acted in
self-defense.
But I can't let you go
before being released on bail.
early this morning.
Do you understand?
We'll take care of your daughter.
Who are you?
Just a dad.
Dad?
We have saved many children.
Because you chose to come back.
Thank you.
My wife called
on the night she disappeared.
We were driving. and she got out.
I wanted to leave this country.
To find a peaceful place
and start a family.
Most of all. to hide.
She thought
only for missing children.
I realized he was close to his goal
after he left.
When I find her again
I hope he'll forgive me.
You did a great job.
Am I getting a raise?
Boss.
Five minutes.
By the devil.
The sooner the renovation is finished.
I'll check the fuse.
Don't make a sound.
My father...
I'll go take a look.
In the meantime. not a peep.
Stay here.
The key.
Try to catch it.
Wait.
I'm pulling.
Stop!
Stop. I said!
Drop the weapon!
You must be that
Chinese guy who doesn't talk.
Finally.
I was going to become a father.
You took that away from me.
Let's go!
Hurry!
You killed my father!
Is that your father?
Are you serious?
Do you really think that this cowboy
Was it your father?
He wasn't his son.
Get that through your head.
Hey there!
The well-known journalist
Did you give her that ring?
You had beautiful eyes.
She had one death
extremely slow.
Do you want it?
Come and get it.
Let's go.
Come on.
My friend.
I found it.
And you will see your daughter die.
This excruciating pain.
Reyni. are you okay?
This is your destiny.
Come to terms with it.
Dad!
Enough!
Stop fighting.
Dad!
Sir!
We're going to do kung fu together. Wake up!
Stay with us!
Sir. wake up.
Don't die!
SPEND TIME WITH YOUR FRIEND
Listen...
I have to go home.
I want to find my wife and daughter.
Goodbye.
Dad!
Sir! Dad!
In memory of Navin and Matia.
We broke up the entire network of traffickers.
And I still don't know your name.
My mysterious friend.
Wang.
If we are brave enough to change
We can change the world.
Wang Wei.
You're so beautiful.
Dad.
Will you tell me your story?
When I met your mother...